aiming for an agent that can :



1- explicitely determine whether or not to go towards explanation or something else: like pointing
to another source (like an article or video, then skim through the video), or making a graph or
blueprint of what is going on, etc. the agent should not shy away from using images, etc. 


2- in the same sense as claude, can determine whether to ask for precision with additional questions or to
trust its guts and answer directly. 


3- the agent should be able to track situations, such as a person that wants repairs, so you track which places
own which parts. 

4- the agent should not specifically refer itself only on memory or confidence. We either fine tune a model that we train on 
the 48 page manual, or we can make a vector database of the whole document using open router to test it out, etc.

5- the agent should understand the user's needs. If the person wants a quick answer,you can do one answer possibly, but it has to be 
as complete and as precise as possible. Always refer back to the manuals and pdf's however it can always be full of jargon in those, 
so you must track the level of expertise in the question asked.If the person asks a question 




The front end: 

once you load up the website, it immediately shows an image of the Vulcan as the background, and then you have multiple 

choices: Either its a conversation where you can verbally speak, send images of your vulcan, or send normal text.
OR you also have the choice to send them towards another place (a 3D complete map of the vulcan, where they can click on each part, and even chat
with AI about a specific part.) I want it to be an interactive experience, so its a 3D rendered object where you spin around, and whenever you hover 
your mouse on a certain part it lights up the section in a gray area, and then once you click on it, it will zoom in, and you can either check out
its design OR you can chat about this specific part. by the way, there should be an "inside button" that once you click, it should show you the 
design on the inside, where you can do the same stuff as on the outside. Obviously if you are on the inside section, an outside section should appear 
should they want to go back. 


I think that going for the front end at first is the best choice, and then we can work on the actual computations and the workings of the model later on.

the most poignant thing at first is without a doubt the interface


